INSTRUCTIONS

With this program you can easily generate tunnel codes for Tiberian Sun and Red Alert 2 maps. The program's interface is divided into three sections: The options section at the top, the grid section at the middle and the output section at the bottom.

OPTIONS SECTION

First 4 input fields: X and Y coordinates of the red and orange tunnel entrances' middle cells. Press ENTER to apply changes. Values can be between 1-1024. Notice that the coordinates given by the Final Sun and Final Alert map editors are in reversed order, here they are not!
Orientation buttons: Click to change the orientation of the tunnel entrances.
Mirror X/Y button: Changes the entered X values to Y values and vice versa.
Index input field: The index value of the first generated tunnel. Press ENTER to apply changes. Values can be between 0-121.

GRID SECTION

This is where you create your tunnels. Click on one of the tunnel entrances to begin drawing a tunnel. You can draw 3 tunnels, each starting from a different cell of the entrance. Click the grid to add tunnel nodes. Each tunnel must end at a different cell at the other entrance.

Red cells: The first tunnel entrance. This color will also indicate cells that exceed the tunnel max length of 99.
Orange cells: The second tunnel entrance.
Green cells: These show the tunnel's shape. The middle tunnel is drawn in slightly darker color.

Esc: Remove the current tunnel and stop drawing.
Backspace: Remove last entered node.
Arrow keys: Move the view 1 cell to the desired direction.
Shift + arrow keys: Move the view 5 cells to the desired direction.
Spacebar: Center the view between the entrances.
Q & E: Center the view at the entrances.
C: Clear all tunnels.
F: Force the tunnel to end. This will only generate the tunnel in one direction, and without ending coordinates.
T: Toggle the distance text mode/visibility.

OUTPUT SECTION

The codes for your finished tunnels will be generated at this section. Copy and paste them somewhere in your map file using a text editor.

-----------------------
Program created by Q45.